Minor fixes (#35)
drtp-skills/www.drtp-skills.ac.uk: _pages/funds-community.md

The total value of this fund is £150k to be administered throughout the duration of the CHARTED project, with the maximum award per activity being £5k (event series will also be considered). The eligibility criteria and the review process are described below.

> **The fund is designed to support specific activities and directly associated costs only. Requests for equipment or human effort are not eligible.**

Reviewer: I think this could perhaps be a little misleading - it might be reasonable to assume that directly associated costs actually includes staff time. On this basis, I think I might suggest to edit this to something like the suggestion below:

```suggestion

**The fund is designed to support specific community activities by reimbursing costs such as room/venue hire and catering. Requests for funding to cover staff time or the purchase of equipment are not eligible.**
```

Reviewer: @wfilinger Just to add to the above - are there some cases where equipment purchase may be valid? For example, would purchasing a high-quality USB microphone/speaker to facilite an enhanced hybrid experience for people joining an event online?
In this context, maybe the second sentence above should be simplified to just read "_Requests for funding to cover staff time are not eligible._"

> Applicants should therefore gain approval from their institutions to cover the time spent on the activities for which they seek support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Applicants should therefore gain approval from their home institution to cover the time spent on the activities for which they seek support.
```
